**Needfinding Report**  
In Phase I of needfinding and research, our team collected data on our defined problem space of social connectivity for highschool students through a survey, 25 interviews, 20 observations, and 15 diary studies. For the best data collection, we used AI to help us find possible bias in our wording of prompts and improved our methods accordingly. In Phase II, our team utilized the tool of AI to help us identify key patterns and takeaways in our culminated data. With this information summarized into critical groups, we created our final persona and complete affinity map. After this step, we defined our users' needs and shaped a list of needed features using MoSCoW prioritization. From here, we sketched out our user journey and ideas for our apps layout before beginning to construct our wireframe, which can be accessed through the following link: [https://www.figma.com/design/kBem5N71Z8eZssDSZVxhiM/Wire-Frame?node-id=0-1\&t=krbpvp5e7eq2xObJ-1](https://www.figma.com/design/kBem5N71Z8eZssDSZVxhiM/Wire-Frame?node-id=0-1&t=krbpvp5e7eq2xObJ-1)   
Our survey was useful for collecting data in big numbers to identify overarching trends. The largest takeaways that we had from the results were that our user base relies heavily on various social media platforms to stay connected socially, with the most commonly used app being Instagram. Also, it was interesting to see how the data revealed a preference for more casual hang outs, like getting friends with food. Satisfaction of social connectivity was rated an average of 6.5/10 locally and even lower at a school level of 5.9/10. Furthermore, this disconnection (low school engagement with 81.4% of responders being infrequent attenders of school related social events) seemed to be a result of lacking advertisement and transportation struggles.   
Our diary studies were critical in getting more detailed responses and a key look into our user base’s everyday habits and struggles. We studied 15 highschoolers' lives over the course of 3-5 days, with a total of 23 social events logged over the collection of 67 days total. It was interesting to see how schoolwork was a large barrier and many people only attended events their friends either were attending or invited them to. Furthermore, we saw a gap in satisfaction in the amount of events attended or available.  
Our observations were helpful as we began to shape an idea of what our application might look like or what features were going to be included. Also, it helped us see problems to resolve in the apps currently being used by our target audience. We chose to observe people using Instagram, SnapChat, and the CCA Website after being prompted to find an upcoming event to attend. For the social media apps, it was common for participants to look for events reposted on stories or to DM a friend for more information. However all of these methods were scattered and indirect, requiring a lot of time spent searching. Alternatively, the CCA website was more direct (with a calendar listing of events) but we saw people clearly struggle with website navigation. 

